# Japan Day 6

# Morning

Walked around area before swapping hotels to Tune Stay. 

Did the walk. Was weird seeing 100 kids outside on field trips (I think)

Took the train to Kyoto.

# Lunch

RAMEN. 

Ginjo Ramen Kubota

Naomi was obsessed with the tsukumen. My ramen was Shoyo and delicious. First shoyo I liked this much and at the time probably the best ramen I've had.

Was a very small shop with a vending machine and line out the door.

# Exploring

Continued walking and went past Higashi Hongan-ji Temple. A pretty temple with a huge interior for a wooden building. Interestingly there were like 15 police busses outside conducting maybe some type of training or retreat? Never learned why.

# Busses

The bus experience is something else here when its busy haha. We got on a full bus through the rear door and didn't really know how you're supposed to get off. Luckily a british trio left first and when somebody pointed them to the front through the crowd the guy said "That's impossible" in a defeated way before making his way through the crowd. This is pretty much what I was thinking as well, but everybody is an expert at squeezing to make room so it wasn't too bad.

One thing of note is that I was boxed out by a Grandma. Naomi was in the luggage section and I was on the stairs. But it got so crowded that a Japanese grandma got on my step and kept bumping into me to the point where I joined Naomi in the luggage section. (Think a raised platform with bars keeping luggage in). Felt weird to be segragated from the crowd but was better than being rubbed against because the bus was so packed. From here on I don't think we took a crowded bus again.

# Kyoto imperial palace

Sadly this place was closed to visitors but the park was large and had maybe 4000 seats set up in the gravel. No idea why.

# Dinner

I think we skipped dinner this day.

# Tune Stay

Tune Stay was great, but the room was tiny. They had space for 4 suitcases under the bed, but without this we wouldn't have been able to fit all our stuff. Was an interesting experience.
