# Day 1 

2023-05-12

# Morning
Stopped by 7-11 for breakfast.

Had tasty cream buns + seaweed onigiri.

Walked around the imperial palace grounds. The trees there were incredible, it was like hundreds of huge bonzai trees scattered throughout the ground.

Due to jetlag we were up at like 6am for our walk, and it was really cool seeing all the runners. Lots of fit people at 6am, and at 7:30 the more casual crowd.

One striking thing was from 6:30-9 there were non stop people in suits. Everyone wears suits. EVERYONE.

# Brunch

Stoped by Tokyo station to get our passes. Line was long, but we were there roughly when it opened so not too bad.

Eggs 'n Things.

Delicious! Out of poached egg toast, so we got matcha pancakes (just the right sweetness) with huge mound of whipped cream and an omlet.

Gets a high review from me.

# Noon

Traveled to Studio Ghibli!!!

Was really really neat. Several exhibits showing the flashing light movements of 3d objects which looked magical (especially the largest one)

Got to look through several storyvboards. Interestingly it seems like the characters shown the most were from the more PG films as Ponyo and Whispers of the Heart weren't shown too much.

Also a cute 20 minute film showcasing a lost puppy finding its way home. Really adorable and 100% on brand for Ghibli.

Also everybody is hecka friendly. + Buses were pretty easy to navigate.

# Afternoon

Got ramen at Tokyo station. Naomi got miso , I got salt broth. Both were good, but nothing too different from back home (I think I preferred Hikaru)

Ramen - Asahikawa Ramen Bangaichi Yaesu Kitaguchi


POKEMON CENTER DX

At this point I was kinda tired. But it was fun seeing all the plushies and we got a Swadaloon :D. 

Headed home and passed out.
