# Japan Day 4

# Breakfast

Kinda skipped :'( had 7/11

# SUMO

The Sumo hall was fantastic. The ring itself was surprising as it had a 2.5 foot elevation compared to the surrounding area. Definitely seems like it would be a risk for those who lose, but I guess that's how its done.

We had a train ride to catch at 1pm so we only saw the earlier matches, but they were all impressive. Most matches were 4 seconds or shorter with a winner being decided near immediately. We showed up early in the day so we only watched lower ranking wrestlers and the stadium was relatively empty. If we showed up later it seems like the stadium would've been packed and concessions would've been sold.

Seeing the athletes at this division was quite interesting as some looked strong+big, some were thin (like an average body builder look), and some looked fat.

Kinda glad I didn't grow up watching sumo since I definitely would've wanted to give it a try haha. 

On our train back to the hotel there were two sumo wrestlers walking to the hall chatting with fans and taking photos. Was neat seeing them on their way to the Ryōgoku Kokugikan. They were both roughly 6'1" and looked strong/not fat but certainly heavy.


# To Kyoto!

Bento

Dumplings for me.

No Mt. Fuji views, but overall I think I love the Japanese country side (at least areas with mountains)

# Taxi

Ride was beuatiful. So many bikers going to and from places. In particular the views of the river with a lower sun were fantastic. The driver called our Ryokan and 2 bellman were ready to help us with bags right when we got there. Despite difficulty in communicating everyone was so nice.

# Ryokan!

Togetsutei

The lady who showed us to our rooms was dressed in a full yukata and spoke good enough English. Before entering a room she would get to her knees to close the door. It felt so sincere and reverant, but also made me feel like I didn't fit in since it felt like too much haha.

Sadly we decided to walk around the area rather than do a traditional dinner. Not too sad about this choice, but having the food delivered would've been a unique experience.

One thing I didn't do was walk around and try the public bath. This is probably fine, but from google it seems like Ryokan are interesting as you can talk to the owner and other guests. Kinda like old European inns from movies.

Tatami mats everywhere, was a very traditional Japanese room. I think I slept great on the futon placed on the ground, might need to consider this for real haha.

# Exploring

The river is beatiful. The area is touristy, but it makes sense. The combination of nearby mountains and river makes it so beatiful it makes you want to move to Japan.

Lots of matcha ice cream. I think in 24 hours I shared 4 cones with Naomi.

Walked around town seeing the sights and bought stuff at family mart.

# Dinner

Ozuru

Stopped by an udon place as it was the only one really open at this hour. It was good.

# Private Bath

Took a full private bath in our room! Put the temperature up a little too high, but very happy to have picked this room despite the price. The higher priced rooms had great views, but I really liked our choice.


