# Japan - Day 3

2023-05-14 (Sunday)

# Breakfast

7-11 coming in clutch! The coffee process is pretty unique. You buy a cup at the stand and then fill it up at an automated machine. Feels like a reverse of most US places where you buy + fill the cups before paying.

# Ueno Park

Started off going to Ueno in the morning. Based on google maps I thought we'd be able to get everything done by 12, but severely underestimated the sheer scale of this park. It had a lovely pond, zoo, multiple museums, running trails, farmers market, and shrines. It reminded me a lot of central park, but with less hiding of the city as you could generally see the skyscrapers and tall buildings all around.

Really recommend this place if you want to get a good walk in.

# Tokyo national museum

Tokyo national museum was pretty neat. My museum memory span is pretty short so I don't remember much of what I saw, but some notable pieces were a buddha surrounded by 4 guardian spirits, multiple samurai outfits (one with a full bronze nosepiece), and several scrolls that must've been 20m long containing maps of the major roads+towns+mountains.

# Zoo

After the museum we stopped by the zoo. The enclosures all felt a little small but generally well built for the animals needs. Its always tricky since I love zoos especially when I was young and feel that they're important for teaching + showing animals to the population who then might want to help preserve them. But the individual animals probably dont' have the best lives.

# Lunch

Coco Curry!!!

This place was the bomb. Delicious curry + tonkatsu + rice. They also had a curry+omlet option which was equally good.

# Akihabara

This place was kinda depressing. Was raining slightly and it seemed like there were 5 high school aged maids per block standing in the cold rain handing out pamphlets.

Did enjoy the arcade a bit.

Missed: B-Pump climbing gym. Didn't look this up in time, but one of the bigger climbing gyms has a location in Akihabara that's 5 floors tall. Would've been neat to see.
