# Japan Day 10

# Morning

Hotel breakfast. Quite well stocked with everything a continental breakfast would have, a full salad bar, and several Japanese foods.

Good coffee too.

# Train To Nikko!

Took a limited express train to Nikko! The process was way more confusing than we expected and we didn't give ourselves quite enough time to feel confident (20 minutes).

Nikko is 100 miles away from the sky tree so we needed to take a train with fewer stops (Limited Express Train). The process isn't explained (outside of helpful gate agents) but you buy the limited express ticket then scan in regularly using your IC card.

So you're paying a regular fare (around 1,400 yen) and limited express fare (around 1,650 yen) just to take the train.

We couldn't figure this all out and with 4 minutes left just buzzed into the station with our IC cards. Only on the train did we learn that we did everything correctly.

# Ramen

Gyoza no Umechan

Its hard to really compare as it isn't rich like Tonkotsu, but the Shoyo I had here is probably the best ramen I've ever had.

Also monkies are everywhere in Nikko. Ends up that the three wise monkies from the shrine we visited's carvings turned into the emojis :see-no-evil:, :say-no-evil:, :hear-no-evil:! Sadly didn't take a photo of this (as we looked this up after leaving the temple)

# Brdige

Beautuful river and classic looking bridge. We weren't allowed on the bridge (though we saw people on it who maybe hopped the short fence).

# Toshogu

A pretty steep walk through what felt like a national forrest. Once we got to the temple made our way around. To the top was 207 steps, and the most famous carving was of a cat guarding a doorway surrounded by sparrow carvings nearby. Representing the strong protecting the weak.

At the top of the steps was a small and much less glamorous shrine used by only the shogun.

Didn't look for the 3 wise monkies carving, but apparently they exist there as well.

Everything was gold plated and had so many dragons (3 toed). Really neat place.

# Snacks!

Nikko Kariman

On the way back from Toshogu towards the river we stopped at Nikko Kariman for Dorayaki which was a fried pancake with mochi and red bean filling. Felt like a great desert.

<Building not on google maps>

Dango! Miso sugar and soy sauce flavors. In both cases these were way less sweet than expected. Dango is 3 ddok rice balls on a stick charred on the outside. Gave the impression of Korean ddok with a roasted marshmallow smell. Both flavors were good and I'd probably buy them again but something just felt off (like I wanted more sugar most likely haha)

# Dinner

Went to sky tree again hopign for convery sushi at 8pm, but they were done with reservations despite the hours saying 11pm end.

Ended up at Din Tai Fung for delicious xiaolongbao!

