# Day 2 - Japan

2023-05-13

# Breakfast

Stopped by a highly rated coffee place Komeda's Coffee Marui Kinshichō.

Had a translation issue. We didn't get Naomi's order and didn't ask for/declined the free bread + side dishes when the waiter pointed it out. :'(

Sad about this, but the coffee was quite good. Overall left a sad taste in our mouths as we went there for the bread, but the rest of the day ended up wonderful. I had an egg salad sandwhich.

Naomi didn't eat breakfast but we went to sushi at 11:30 so it works out.

# RAIN

Was rainy all day.

# Lunchtime

Shibua! Was a neat area, felt very high class and modern. So many people at the crossing.

Got sushi at Katsumidori Seibu Shibuya a conveyor belt place. The sushi was great, especially the final piece we ordered via train of Otoro.

# Walking Around

Walked around the rain and made our way to Meiji jingu. Nothing stood out exceptionally, but the rose gardens at yoyoji park were stunning and meiji jingu's walk felt like a rainforest. Really peacful.

# Wedding At Meiji Jingu

We saw a wedding procession! Was surprising to see people on the other side of the shrine and we felt a bit like we weren't supposed to be watching, but was really neat to see a procession at such a major attraction.

# Dinner 1

Walked to a McDonalds because the compromise Naomi and I made was we can do a lot of walking, but need frequent seat breaks.

Bought a One Piece themed meal!!! Wasn't great (and surprisingly the least touristy place we've been so far was the McDonald's in Shinjuku lol) but was a neat experience + I love One Piece.

Walked around after this as above.

# Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden

Was stunning. The Japanese Garden side in particular had small bridges that felt great.

Also in the middle of a large open field there was a massive tree that looked like it grew horizontal before going vertical. Very pretty.

Green house was standard green house, pretty.

# Ramen 2

Honke Daiichi-asahi

This place smelled a bit when we walked in, but the ramen ended up being some of the best that I've ever had. It was meaty and once I got used to the smell (around bit 13) every bit was better and better. Really great and went from a place that I thought was going to be average when we walked in to something I would want to eat every day.

# Home

Made it back to the hotel and slept.
