#Idea

Basic idea here is that I'm going to be doing a lot of config management using yaml in the near future for my job and I want to make that as painless as possible by creating a tool which makes reviewing configs, updating configs, applying project based configs to many services, and moving configs from environment to environment easier.

#What this entails

I want to create a server which gets started up and passed the yaml files that are going to be compared 1 at a time. This is probably not optimal for the problem space compared to taking in input files, but I kinda want to learn more about creating servers in Clojure so it is the path I plan on taking.

Then it also can accept other commands which operates on the state of the server.

## Big Idea

Essentially the big operations I want to be able to do easily.

* Compare sets of configs across environments. (Ignoring identical configs)
* Bulk apply configs to an environment from a list of configs changed by a project.

##Commands

It also feels like this will be a bit more long term flexible as it'll be very easy to say something along the lines of these commands:
* Start server
* Add Env-Development dev.yaml
* Add Env-Staging staging.yaml
* Add Env-Production production.yaml
* Compare
** Generates a comparison file that says config name (properties style) and which environment has what
** This file can be edited and
* Apply Props-File staging.yaml
** The goal here is to take an edited file generated by Compare and then re-generate the staging.yaml with the edits. The goal is also to recreate the yaml file with as few ordering changes as necessary.
** Will take some playing around once the editable file is generated to determine how usable and what format it will be.
* Move Project-Config-File Env-Development Env-Staging
** Takes all configs from the project config file, finds their values in dev and moves them to staging.
* Apply-Values Project-Config-File Env-Staging
** Takes the configs from the project config file values and any matches in the staging environment will be updated to match them.
